KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. The unconscious operates like a machine, it reacts appropiately to the beliefs and ideas that were put in it. Those beliefs and ideas were put by conscious thought, so with conscious thought we can redirect the way our unconscious works. The conscious is the control knob of the unconscious
2. One common idea is that we must go into the unconscious and dig up all negative beliefs and ideas, and only then can we change. All servo-mechanisms contain information about failures, failed attempts at a particular thing. Those failures are important as they are feedback data that allow the mechanism to correct and get on track aligning with the desire goal. But the main thing is to FOCUS ON THE SUCCESSFUL ATTEMPTS, not on the failures. Continuing to focus on the failures only perpetuates them
3. SOMETHING TO TRY: acting as if it's impossible to fail. Always think that something is easy to do and it will become so
4. When we feel we can't do something, ask "Why?". Really analyze it with logic, "Why do I believe that I can't?". Is that belief rational? Is it possible I'm wrong about this belief? Would I think the same thing if another person was in that situation? Linking it to Teal, it's doing belief work, thinking about the evidence that support this belief and pick it apart so we can release the belief and replace it with a new, more benefitial belief. Getting emotions in this process is vital. The belief got there in the first place with thought and emotion. To release and it replace it emotion is also necessary
5. The conscious mind selects the goal and provides the data to serve as a guide for the servo-mechanism. But it's not the conscious mind's job to do the job, the creative process happens in the unconscious mind and we can't see what happens in it. Also, the unconscious mind operates in base of present need, so there are no guarantees that we can get before hand. Our job is to select the goal, gather information, reasses when needed and then TRUST that the servo-mechanism will do its job

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter

Belief work has been something that's had a profund effect in my life. I did a lot of work on my self-image, on feeling beautiful and desirable. And it changed the way I saw myself, how I behaved, how I moved, how I talked to people. After that I was with my partner, it really did have a profund impact.
A particular example is what's going on at work now. I'm focusing on getting more than 10 completed companies a day and I'm doing just now. I'm visualizing it happen, I'm celebrating it happen and it feels natural to do so. I look back on my reports and I can see how the numbers increased after starting to do this. I enjoy my work more, I'm more present in it. I'm focusing on the successful attempts and that is continuing to replicate on my experience. What I feed my servo-mechanism is what it amplifies.
It's really incredible that there are so many different ways of explaing the same mechanism. There are different words to define it and different examples used to explain it but the bottom line is basically the same. We have the power to align with any reality we want. That's what the Guardian in Reality Transurfing was talking about, we have complete freedom of choice and all the possibilities that we can imagine already exist, whether in physical or potential form. So all the things I want, all the things I'm visualizing that I want to experience, a Paz exists that's living them. There's a Paz in the multiverse that is the most badass web designer there is, and I can align with her. I can be her, the freedom and the relief that this information brings is amazing. Thank you!