KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. A crisis is a fork on the road, it can either make you or break you. If you react properly to it, it can give you strength and abilities you don't ordinarily have. If you react improperly to it, it takes away skill, control and abilities you normally use. To react properly we need to: 
    - Practice without pressure
    - Learn to react with an aggressive instead of defensive attitude. Keep our positive goal in mind
    - Keep things in perspective, don't make the situation bigger than what it actually is
2. Practice without pressure    
    The more intense the crisis situation under which you learn, the less you learn. If you learn under stress, you learn only one way of solving the problem. In another situation, if that way isn't available, it's more difficult to adapt. You lose your ability to improvise
    If you practice without stress, you keep an attitude of calmness and clear thinking that "carry over" to the crisis situation
    SHADOWBOXING: practice whatever you want to achieve in your mind, play it out in a safe environment. It can be boxing, golf, public speaking, sales, anything at all. Imagine yourself in the situation, if you can say things at loud. Play it out from all possible angles and you will be ready when the situation comes up
    SHADOWBOXING IS BUILDING A MENTAL IMAGE OF YOURSELF ACTING CORRECTLY AND SUCCESSFULLY. 
3. Mantaining an aggressive instead of defensive attitude   
    "No matter what happens, I can handle it" instead of "I hope nothing happens"
    The main thing is to keep your end goal in mind. You intend to go through the crisis experience to achieve your goal **
    Just before a crisis we feel a lot of emotion. This is not necessarily fear or nerves. It's excess energy we get that we can use to achieve our goal, to overcome the crisis. It's a sign of additional strenght that we have access to and that we can use
4. Keeping things in perspective    
    We have a tendency to magnify the potential "failure" of the crisis situation. If we overestimate the crisis, we'll gather a lot of excess energy that won't be spent on the achievement of the goal, it'll just stay with us and cause us to get nervous, to get the jitters
    Think to yourself "What is the worst thing that could happen?". Then analyze why that's not the end of the world, make peace with it, allow it to be. That diminish worry a lot
    Most crisis we face are not life or death situations, but opportunities to advance or stay where we are. Change the attitude from "Everything depends on this" to "I have everything to gain and nothing to lose"

**  This made me think about my relationship with Gia. We could say that splitting up was a crisis, it was something that I feared and thought I couldn't handle. What happens if I keep my end goal in mind, us getting back together? To intend to get through this "crisis" to come out the other side stronger and together. 
    The principles layed out here have much to share with manifestation, specially keeping your end goal in mind. I actually got this, I'm capable of doing this. I know what my end goal is and I intend to do the work to align with it


YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past taht is explained by the principles given in this chapter

A clear example of this is from DB, when I was focused on getting more companies. What I did was imagine myself in the call, play the call out in my mind and going through all of the script, getting the emails and completing a company. Then I saw myself writing down the complete in the notebook
That made me feel at ease. I used to worry about not reaching the goal, at noon I would start to panic if I hadn't got to half the mark, thinking and saying to myself that the day was lost. And I did this at DB too, not only during home office. I was in a rut of 5 companies a day and by doing this for about 2 weeks, my performance truly changed. I get my daily and weekly goals. And even if one day I'm a tad off, I make it up during the week. 
I started to feel I could do it, that I was doing it and then it started to hapeen in 3D. 