KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. To a certain point, every person is hypnotized. We become hypnotized when we accept an idea from friends, family, teachers, adverstisements or even ourselves and we are CONVINCED IT IS TRUE
2. We have many habilities that are inherent to use but, since we are convinced we don't have them, we can't use them. For example, believing we are bad at math and we can't solve math problems or do math quickly. Believe we can't draw and we won't be able to do so
3. Inferiority and superiority are two sides of the same coin
4. Feelings of inferiority don't come from the experiences or facts but of what we believe about those experiences and facts. We judge ourselves not by our own standards but by other people's standards, which makes us feel second-rate and we end up believing that there is something deeply wrong with us
5. The beliefs we have now were adquired easily, without much effort. Same as our habits. To dehypnotize ourselves or to change our habits it's important that we use the same tool: physical relaxation. Trying to change by effort alone won't get us the results we want but the opposite

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter:

A while back I was convinced I couldn't get a job. That it was impossible, that no one would want to hire me, that I had no skill or talent and that I would be of no use to anyone. And, for a while, that reflected itself back in my reality. I sent out the CV to Taringa and got the talking interview but I didn't get the job. Later I did get it and it turned out I did and outstanding job, so I could offer value to them, I had the hability to do what was asked of me but I was convincing myself I didn't.
In the mean time I did a lot of work on my beliefs. I focused on my self-worth, on my physical appearence and my value as a person. That really did change things a lot. I started feeling sexier, with more confidence. And then I started doing the journaling work on having a job I enjoyed that I was capable of doing and where I could be of value to others. And feeling it was possible, imagining how it felt to do it got amazing results. I work at DB now and I'm happy here. I keep working on this, lately I've been doing a lot of work on reconnecting with my job and my performance improved a lot. I cite this example a lot because it's very powerful, it really does show very well the teachings in this book. And it's amazing to recognize it and to have these amazing tools to put in action, thank you!
