KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1.  The same way our body develops a scar when we receive a physical injury, we develop emotional scars for self-protection when somene hurts us. We build an emotional wall that neither friend or foe can cross. This excessive protection actually leaves us more vulnerable, it cuts us off from other people and from ourselves
2.  This emotional scars lead to a scarred self-image, the image of a person that's not accepted or liked by others, a person that can't get along well with other people. It also leads to an image of the world we live in as a hostile place

Three rules for Immunizing yourself against emotional hurts:
    1.  Be too big to feel threatened
        The people that get offended the easiest have the lowest self-esteem, the doubt their own worth and feel insecure
        Using the body as an analogy, we need to have epidermis to protect ourselves from small wounds. If we develop a hard shell we would be safe but we couldn't experience touch

    2.  A self-reliant, responsible attitude makes you less vulnerable 
        The person with the hard, mean exterior usually develops it cause instinctively they realize they're soft and need protection
        The passive-dependant person turns their entire life over to other people, circumstances, luck. Life owes them a living and others owe them consideration and care. And if that doesn't happen, they feel cheated and hurt
        Assume responsability for your own life and emotional needs. Try giving affection, love, approval and understanding to other people, you'll find it comes back to you
    
    3.  Relax away emotional hurts
        We tend to be more easily offended it we're stressed, angry, frustrated or afraid. Mantaining a relaxed state helps prevent this
        When we feel hurt, THE FEELING IS ENTIRELY A MATTER OF OUR OWN RESPONSE. We can get angry or resentful, or we can not respond at all. It's impossible to feal fear, anger or anxiety if our body is relaxed. We have to "do something" to feel those emotions

How to remove emotional scars
    -   Real and genuine forgiveness is what heals old emotional wounds and eliminates emotional scars. Your forgiveness should be forgotten, as well as the wrong which was given. Forgiveness that is remembered, and dwelt upon, reinfects the would you're trying to heal
    -   Forgiveness is not a weapon. It can be used as a weapon but that doesn't help, it's not truly healing
    -   True forgiveness comes only when we are able to see, and emotionally accept, that there is and was nothing for us to forgive. We should not have condemned or hated the other person in the first place 
    -   FORGIVE YOURSELF AS YOU FORGIVE OTHERS. Regret and excessive guilt is tring to correct the past, to live in the past. But we can't live in the past, so the past should be written off and forgotten when our emotional reactions are concerned. We need to recognize our mistakes, we couldn't correct course without them. But it's pointless to hate or condemn ourselves for them
    -   You make your mistakes, mistakes don't make you. "I failed" not "I am a failure" 
    -   Carrying a grudge against someone or against life can bring about old age as it's living in the past 

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter

When I was pissed at Pampa I felt a ton of awful emotions. I was angry, felt tense all the time, like I wasn't good enough. It was all a reflection of the past and he's actually a cool guy. I did eventually forgive him and now we talk ocasionally, it feels lighter to forgive

Another point comes to mind when I was younger, how much it stressed me out thinking that others hated me, how much I tried to be liked and how easily I got hurt by remarks. It took the conscious decision to relax, to stop trying so hard, to laugh and just relax. Like when having my picture taking. I used to freeze and move and try to make it look bad cause I thought I was ugly. It all turned around when I relaxed and let myself just be. Relaxation actually helps a lot in that, let's make a habit of relaxation, that could really have a big impact on everything in my life, actually. Thank you for coming into my life, book. I'm grateful I finished reading and summarizing you, thank you