KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. Every human has a personality. Our personality is the expression of our real self. Having a "good" personality means we express the creativity that is within us. Having a "bad" personality means we don't express ourselves at all
2. Negative feedback is necessary for our servo- mechanism to reach its goals. If negative feedback is too excessive, or if we're too sensitive to negative feedback, our mechanisms doesn't change course. It simply shuts down entirely
3. Being too careful, too anxious not to make a mistake, trying to avoid mistakes that we might make are also forms of negative feedback. 
4. Caring too much what others think, being careful not to say or do anything that might upset them or trying to please people lead to excessive negative feedback, inhibition and poor performance. Never "try" to make a good impression, never act or not act to create an effect. It never goes well
5. To correct the excessive negative feedback is important to take deep action in the opposite direction. It you worry too much about what others think, speak before you think, act without thinking. We're striving for balance between inhibition and desinhibition. 
- ACT AND CORRECT YOUR ACTIONS AS YOU GO ALONG, don't wait for everything to be perfect our you'll never move
- Stop criticizing yourself
- Speak louder than usual
- Let people know you like them

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter

When I was younger I trained myself to just act, to just be. It was hard for me to be around people and it took making the decision to just go with the flow. I was in my late teens when this happenned, I can remember how much pressure I felt before this. Not saying anything cause then I wouldn't fuck it up

In a way, this is continuing now. For example, when Vivi wrote in the group about too much work. I didn't know what to say but I thought that if I didn't say anything they wouldn't like me anymore. By being so concerned with what they thought of me I said something that upset Dany and she hasn't spoken to me since. Cause I was trying to control how others thought of me

This may contradict what I've been reading of everyone is me pushed out. But not completely. Cause the thoughts I'm thinking then is they aren't going to like me so then I would act in a way that made that happen. So it is in sync with everyone is me pushed out, cause my thoughts are manifesting on them. More reason to think about the best case scenario, to have a picture in my head of what I want things to be


