KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. Happiness is the natural state of our physical body. We think, feel, perceive and perform better when we are happy. Happiness is not to be deserved or earned, it's necessary to our health like having blood run through our veins
2. Happiness is a mental habit that we must practice in the present moment or we won't experience it at all. It can't depend on whether or not we achieve a certain goal. In life there will always be one more thing to achieve so if we wait for all those things to be completed then we will never feel happiness. And that's something that we can do in the present moment
3. We're used to reacting to small annoyances with frustrantion, anger,  we complain and resent them. These reactions are a habit, we've been reacting the same way for a long time but we can decide to be happier. We can't be happy 100% of the time, but we can always be happier by not adding meaning to the things that happen around us
4. NO ONE CAN DECIDE WHAT THOUGHTS YOU HAVE BUT YOURSELF. If you wait for the outside world to justify happiness, you'll be waiting forever
Make a practice of ignoring all negative and unpleasant "facts" in your day to day and focus your attention on happy thoughts. That's how you change things, the movement in our reality comes from within
5. Our habits are not accidental, they are consistent with our self-image and our personality pattern. We can change our habits and that will result in a change in our self-image

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter

I keep going back to this example but I think it really shows it well. When I wanted a job, I visualized it, did belief work and stayed in this mind frame until I felt calm about it. I felt I was stable and secure and as I kept myself in this feeling state, reality shifted around me. I got the job at DB
And things were great for a while, specially in my relationship. But then I stopped visualizing, I stopped the belief work, I started thinking things were wrong and complaining about it a lot. And that also manifested in my reality. The same thing with my job at DB. I started feeling frustrated, felt what I was doing was pointless, that it didn't matter. I didn't want to do my job and undervalued it. And then that started showing up in my reality as well
It's the clearest example that I keep coming back to cause it's something I intentionally manifested and then let my thoughts go on auto pilot, on to complain and dissatisfaction. And in both areas, that dissatisfaction was reflected back at me. It's truly amazing how our thoughts shape our physical experience, it is empowering to know this and to intend to be a deliberate creator of my life experience. I'm already doing it, it's the natural way of existence in this planet. And I have the complete and absolute freedom to think what I want, nobody can control what I think. And what I think is translated to emotion and those two things, thought and emotion, are the mechanism by which my physical experience is manifested second by second
This book touches on a lot of ideas that go along with this idea, specially the example of the scientist that focused on happy thoughts and his whole life changed in 30 days. It's what I've been seeing on Roxy and Amanda's channels, be aware of your thoughts and think what you prefer. Focus on the things you want and they will show up in your reality

Smaller example, today before going to the supermarket I thought it would be cool to see a dog. I go outside and before I take a couple of steps I see a dog with its owner walking by. The first thing I saw walking out was a dog, exactly what I wanted to see
I know in my heart the power that our thoughts have and I'm very grateful that there are so many ways of understanding and apply this. It's truly life changing and I intend to be aware of my thoughts and to think things that align with what I intend to experience, things that feel good to think. I intend to be kinder to others, to be more present and to focus on the things that feel good
