KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1.  Once the Creative Mechanism has a goal, it takes care of achieving it automatically. But we MUST give it a goal. This goal must be seen as possible and we have to visualize it as it's already achieved. We can use the mechanism of worry, which is picturing incrementally unpleasant scenarios so much that we feel all the negative feelings of it as they are happenning right now. If we visualize the positive outcomes and dwell on them just as much, we experience the feelings of success and our Creative Mechanism acts automatically on that success
2.  When we recall situations of past success and we imagine our desired outcome as it's already achieve, we are activating the winning feeling. We've taken winning action when we felt that way, so when we feel the feelings, the winning actions are activated as well
3.  GRADUALNESS IS THE SECRET. We can set ourselves up for success by doing little things and succeding in them. That way we're creating the winning feeling within us and we can gradually start taking on more complex tasks
4.  What's more important is the feeling of success, not what we succeded in. Imagine a situation where you succeded in achieving your goal, picture it in detail, feel how you felt them. This activates the winning feeling, then go about visualizing your current goal and yourself as you would be acting and feeling, assuming the goal is already achieved
5.  We can use the mechanism of "worry" and focus it on a desirable outcome. Being 100% convinced in the desired success is forcing it. Take a gradual approach: 
    - Define the most desirable posible outcome
    - Remind yourself that it could happen, that it's possible. Do this for a while
    - When you feel it's a possibility, start imagining what the desired outcome would be like. Play it over and over in your head, adding more and more detail each time
    - As this becomes a habit, the winning feelings will come about
6.  Feelings can't be controlled by willpower. But it can be changed by another feeling. FEELING FOLLOWS IMAGERY. When we feel undesired emotions, we can concentrate on positive imagery and the feelings will change. Forcing an unwanted feeling to leave just makes it stay longer

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter

Before meeting Gia, I spent some time imagining how I would feel with my partner. The fun we would have, how playful we would be, that we would go on adventures together, that I showed her aroung my neighborhood. I imagined the companionship I felt, the feeling of being us and just clicking, of having our own little language and connecting deeply. 
And that manifested with Gia. Our relationship felt like that, many of the things I wanted came to be. From us being physical together and her enjoying to, to us walking around VdP, to us goofying together. I conjured up the feelings and it came to be
Just like it happenned once, it can for sure happen again


