KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. Our nervous system can't tell the diference between a real experience and an imagined one. We will always act and feel according to what we "imagine" (or believe) is true about ourselves. Also, we will always react to things as they are, but as we "imagine" (or believe) them to be
2. Mental practice makes perfect. It gives us an opportunity to practice new skills and behaviors that otherwise we wouldn't be able to practice. Remember, our nervous system can't tell the difference between an imagined and a real experience
3. When using mental practice we must have a mental picture of the correct thing before we can do it successfully. For example, in sales, rehearsing different situations that could come up with customers and handling them successfully
4. This doesn't mean we don't have to do the work, but now the work will helps us get to our goal instead of getting results we don't want (like trying to do something by determination alone while picturing failure)
5. This process also works for how we want to be, how we want to behave, act and be. We can imagine ourselves being a new person and we will start acting as that person would

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter:

One that comes to mind is the belief work I did on feeling beautiful and sexy. That was a big thing for me, for many years I felf no one could posibly desire me and I was in a lot of pain because of it. Then I started doing belief work, finding out core beliefs and replacing them. Also visualizing the new beliefs, feeling them in my body. 
I started imagining myself with a partner, feeling desired, being sexy and playful. And then I started feeling better about myself, I thought of myself as pretty when I looked in the mirror and felt more comfortable in my body. Even I started noticing other women checked me out when I was out, that felt really good. The experience of feeling how I wanted to feel, mentally rehearsing it really did make a difference and I'm very grateful for it. Thank you.