Energy Exercise 
Jeffrey Allen

1.  Clear your mind 
    Close your eyes, feel an energy beam that connects your spine to the earth
    Imagine yourself in your head, you're just there and observe your thoughts past by. What thoughts are showing up for you? Watch them and wave them as they pass by
    What do you want to do? What fills you with joy. What would you like to experience? Be aware if there are things you feel you should be doing, things others want you to do. Those things let them float by as well, focus on what excites you, what feels good

2.  Energy ball
    Put your two hands in front of each other. Imagine a ball of energy forming between them. What do you feel?
    Imagine light coming in through your head, going down your shoulders and exiting through your hands and infusing that ball with Energy

3.  Feel the energy
    Think back to the thing you wanted to experience. Do you have worries about it? Where do they feel?
    Once you feel where they're at, put the energy ball over it. Feel what happens

4.  The Path
    Think back to what you want to achieve, get excited about it. Put your hands up and fill the ball of energy again
    Imagine you're walking towards your goal on a path. You come to a crossroad on the path, you have an option to the left and to the right. Pick one of the options, how does it feel to walk it? Do you see other people' Do you see things happenning? Does it feel good to go down this path?
    Rewind back to the crossroad. Take the second path. What do you see? Who's there with you? Do you see any particular thing? How does it feel to walk down this path?
    Rewind back to the crossroad. Notice there is a third path open up, one that wasn't there before. Walk down that path. What do you see? How does it feel? 
    Rewind back to the crossroad. Think on all three paths, which one feels good? Which one do you want to follow? Decide a path, then infuse the ball of energy with more energy and push it down that path. Feel how that's clearing the way for you, bringing you closer to that goal, creating syncronicities and manifesting things easier for your
