Mental Diets: Transcripts
Neville Goddard

Most of us are totally unaware of the fact that our inner conversations are the causes of the circumstance of our life.

Speech is the image of mind (...) Everything is a manifestation of the mental conversations which go on in us without our being aware of them. 

Others only echo that which we whisper to them in secret.

How would I imitate God? Well, we are told that God calls things that are not seen as though they were see, and the unseen becomes seen.

Our inner conversations represent in various ways the world we live in. Our individual worlds are self-revelations of our own inner speech. 
Our present mental conversations do not recede into the past as man believes. They advance into the future to confront us as wasted or invested words.

IT IS ONLY WHAT IS DONE NOW THAT COUNTS, EVEN THOUGH ITS EFFECTS MAY NOT BE VISIBLE UNTIL TOMORROW. 

Our attitudes unfold within us in the form of mental conversations. Inner talking from premises of fulfilled desire is the way to consciously create circumstances. 

We imagine the wish fulfilled and carry on mental conversations from that premise. The right inner speech is the speech that would be yours were you to realize your ideal. In other words, it is the speech of fulfilled desire.

WITH THE GIFT OF MIND AND SPEECH YOU CREATE THE CONDITIONS AND CIRCUMSTANCES OF LIFE.

The mind always behaves according to the assumption with which it starts. Therefore, to experience success, we must assume that we are successful. (...) It does not matter if at the present moment external facts deny the truth of your assumption, if you persist in your assumption it will become a fact. SIGNS FOLLOW, THEY DO NOT PRECEDE.

You must define the person you wish to be and then assume the feeling of your wish fulfilled in faith that that assumption will find expression through you.

(...) for life here is only a training ground for image making.

The transformation of self requires that we meditate on a give phrase, a phrase which implies that our ideal is realized, and inwardly affirm it over and over and over again until we are inwardly affected by its implication, until we are possessed by it.

Humans call imagination a plaything, the "dream faculty". But actually it is the very GATEWAY OF REALITY.

THROUGH THE PORTALS OF THE PRESENT THE WHOLE OF TIME MUST PASS. Imagine elsewhere as here, and then as now. Try it and see. You can always tell if you have succeeded in making the future dream a present fact by observing your inner talking.



