KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. In our built-in Creative Mechanism we have everything we need to be successful. This Mechanism works automatically, responding to the present moment and is mostly unconscious. What we try to do is to solve all problems using conscious thought. The job of conscious thought is to determine the problem and gather information, it can not solve the problem
CONSCIOUS EFFORT INHIBITS AND JAMS OUR AUTOMATIC CREATIVE MECHANISM

2. Skill in any kind of activity doesn't come from conscious thinking about every step of the process as we are doing it, but from relaxing and letting the job do itself through us. When we are learning the skill then we must consciously thinking about what we are doing and how we are doing it, like a pianist who had to learn how to play the piano. But when they are giving a performance, they don't think about which fingers hits which key, that just flow through them

3. When we set a goal, most of the time we will be in JOURNEY mode. We can focus once or twice a day in visualizing the end goal, then we release that to the unconscious and focus on the journey, on the things we are doing on our way to that destination

4. Five rules to free our Creative Mechanism:
    1.  Worry before you place your bet, not after the wheel starts turning
    2.  Form the habit of consiously responding to the present moment. Our Creative Mechanism can only work now, in the present moment,  it can't work tomorrow or to what may happen
        TIP: Live life in a 24 hour compartment, don't think beyond or backward of the 24 hour cycle you are living. By living today to the best we can we make sure tomorrow will be the best we can
        Be MINDFULL of the present moment. If something upsets you think "what can I do about it now?". Most of the times we are responding to things that happened in the past, not to the present moment
    3.  Do one thing at a time. When we are anxious about our work it isn't the work that upsets us but our attitude towards it. We think we should be able to get it all done now but WE CAN ONLY DO ONE THING AT A TIME 
        TIP: You can have many goals but concentrating on just one at a time can help accomplish much more than doing multiple things at once
    4.  Sleep on it. Most of out creative ideas come from sleep 
    5.  Relax while you work


YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter

An example that comes to mind is how I started working at DB. I journaled on the type of job I wanted, I took action on looking for work. Did a Linkedin, sent out CVs, went to interviews. I took action and had an end goal in mind. And then, when I was just chilling and looking though Instagram, Tom's story and boom! Got the job
It's really a very accurate example of how this mechanism works. Cause I had been actively working on feeling what it would be like to have a job like this, I felt the calm of it and it was amazing how it came about. And I didn't specifically said what tasks I was going to be doing, it was just something I was capable of doing, that I was good at and that provided value to others
A point worth noting is that leaving it a bit vague gave The Universe room to work its magic. I knew what I intended to feel and then the situation presented itself. That's actually pretty cool, I like this example a lot
