KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1.  The human body (including the brain and nervous system) is machine-like, it's composed of smaller mechanisms all goal oriented. Humans are not machines but are what operates the machine. We inhabit and control the machine, like using a vehicle
2.  People who live longer always have things to look forward to, projects they want to achieve. Having something meaningul to live for gives them more energy and live. 
    Develop a "nostaligia for the future" instead of the past to remain productive and vital. Develop an enthusiasm for life, create a need for more life and you will receive more life
3.  The body is capable of mantaining its health and of healing itself. The energy that heals a wound is the same one that keeps our organs functioning. Under lab conditions it was shown that under conditions of stress, smaller wounds heal quicker but deep wounds take much longer to heal or not heal at all. If we live in a continuous state of stress, how is that affecting our physical body? Keeping ourselves in a state where our Failure Mechanism is constantly working we use our energy faster and age more quickly
4.  People how heal fat were optimistic, positive thinkers that had a reason to get well, an objective they wanted to achieve. "I've got to get out of here so I can accomplish my goal". KEEP A GOAL IMAGE OF HEALTH IN MIND AND THE SUCCESS MECHANISM WILL USE THE BODY'S OWN HEALING MECHANISM TO ACHIEVE IT. If we expect to "get old" at a certain age then we unconsciously set up an image for our Creative Mechanism    
    OLD AGE CAN BE POSTPONED BY SLOWING DOWN THE RATE OF WASTE PRODUCTION OR BY HELPING THE SYSTEM GET RID OF WASTE: exercise regularly and drink lots of water
5.  There is one life, one ultimate source, but this one life has many channels of expression and manifests itself in many forms. We should not limit the channels through which life comes to us (religion, medicine, psychology, etc). Another important channel is other people. Let's not refuse the help, happiness and joy the give us and that we can give them


YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter:

Not myself but my mother. She kept getting scared about losing her sight and BAM! She's got a bunch of eye problems. Now she keeps saying she's fat and the weight is staying put. It's much easier to see how other people's speech keeps showing up in their life, much easier than looking at our own.
In terms of health, my feet were a thing for the past year or so. And I tried a lot to heal them, did the thing with the cream for many months. And once I started working on them energetically with the 3 Screens I finally got some progress. Cause the little white spot dissappeared and that is absolutely amazing!!! Truly amazing, with my visualization, feelings and alignment I achieved what I could not achieve with physical action
That is another example of how much of a difference it makes to be in alignment. Thinking about it in these examples I'm realizing more and more that this works. I can pinpoint many ocassions in my life where this has worked. So I intend to be diligent with my practice, to focus on visualizing and feeling the reality I intend to experience, cause that's what's determining what my 3d reality shows back to me. And I know this in my heart to be true. Let's put it into practice, shall we?

