KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1.  There are many "ringing phones" or disturbing stimuli in our day to day and we have a habit of reacting to them negatively. We can change this conditional response by practicing relaxation instead of reacting to it. 
    "The phone is ringing but I don't have to answer it. I can just let it ring."
2.  Delaying the response in anger and fear works really well. We can't feel anger or fear if our bodies are relaxed. Count to ten, focus on deep breathes and that deactivates the automatic response
3.  Relaxation is nature's tranquilizer. A daily practice of relaxation keeps us in flow and also helps us disinhibit. The last chapter focused on how inhibition is a focus on negative feedback, this practice helps release that
4.  Everyone needs a mental "quiet room", a space where they can retreat and decompress emotionally and mentally. We build this room in our imagination, same as with the Safe Heaven. During the day, when we feel tension we can go to our quiet room for a couple of moments. You can also imagine steam coming out of your head, tension leaving the body
5.  We also go through different stages in our day that require different focus and emotional states. Going to our quiet room helps us reset and adjust to new situations, like deleting old calculations in our calculator. Going to our quiet room is a great way of clear emotions and moods. The calmness we feel in the room also carry over on our next activities
6.  Another common issue is making up scenarios in our head and emotionally reacting to them. It's best to ignore these type of thoughts, to respond only to what is in front of us here and now. Our nervous systems reacts equally to imagined and tangible experiences

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter: 

I applied this at work, when I was intending to improve my performance. I relaxed and imagined myself achieving the goal. Feeling calm that it was happenning, seeing in my head that I got the emails needed brought about a sense of calm and achievement. 
It's like the opposite of imagining an awful situation and reacting to it. Which is something I do a lot, I imagine something, I assume someone is thinking a particular way and then I get into a loop of feeling bad. This is something that has happenned regularly. It happenned with many people in my life, many times. 
Now I can see that this is creating my reality. Going into the quiet room, finding the point of stillness is being in alignment, getting in touch with my Higher Self. Stepping into the Vortex, as Abraham would say. And whenever I do this, things in my outside world align quickly and effortlessly. There is great benefit to this practice and I intend to incorporate it into my life
