KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. Every living thing has a built-in guidance system put in it by its Creator to help it succeed. In animals this is seen as instincts that insure their physical survival and the reproduction of the species. Humans have creative imagination, which allows them to set thier own goals. The Success Mechanism is directed by IMAGINATION
2. The Success Mechanism requires a goal to function. The goal must be thought of as "already in existence", whether in actual or potential form
3. Problem and solution are part of a whole. When we set the goal, our Success Mechanism looks through the Universal Consciousness until it finds the solution that fits best
4. Making mistakes, setbacks and failures are part of the process. They help redirect the Success Mechanism on the right path, like it happens with the guidance system of a torpedo. It's very important to focus on the success and let go of the errors
5. We gotta trust the Success Mechanism and not get in its way. Wondering if its working or not, putting pressure on it or trying to speed it along doesn't work and it just throws it off course

1. We are the operator, we have a servo-mechanism that is our brain/nervous system. We use it and enter in a problem, looking for a solution like you enter a keyword on a search engine
2. Problem and solution are two parts of a whole. The servo-mechanism looks through all available data and locates the "missing part" of the problem, aka, the solution
3. The data that the servo-mechanism is using exceeds our knowledge and memory. It taps into the Universal Consciousness, where all knowledge comes from
4. Once a problem is put into the servo-mechanism, it's important that we trust it and allow it to do its work. We can't see it working, it's unconscious and it's a part of us that we just don't have access to
5. Trust comes from knowing that a solution exists. Thinking of it in terms of parallel universes, all possibilities exist, whether in realized form or not, the ocean of possibilities. So our servo-mechanism is searching through the alternative spaces and locating the solution to our problem. If we have a problem, a solution exists as they are two parts of a whole. It's like many, many people have stated that ideas just came to them, they already exist and we align with them
(Thinking of this in a personal term, Gia and I being together and being apart are two parts of a whole, there are two states our relationship can be in. Most of my life we were in the separate state. Then we came together and were separate again. So I put in my servo-mechanism that my goal is to be on the together state again. And this already exists. The together state existed before I meet her as well as all possibilities already exist, whether in realized material form or not. So it's possible to be in a together state again. And I can trust in it because it exists, whether I can physically see it or not)

1. Animals have an inherent success mechanism, they survive winters without ever experiencing one. So the knowledge on how to do it is already there, they already have all they need to be successful when they are born. Humans are animals, so we must have the same inherent success mechanism as other animals. We are not separate from animals, we are just another species of animals that inhabit the Earth
2. What causes us not to use this Success mechanism could be believing we can't. Programs that we adquire in our time of socialization as young children that block access from those habilities. So, to get in touch with them again it's not about learning how to succeed, we already know how!!! It's just releasing the ideas and beliefs that are keeping us from accessing what's already present within
3. Psycho-Cybernetics poses the idea that man isn't a machine but HAS a machine, a goal-striving mechanism that uses to succeed. So who we are is using the machine, we are outside of the machine, giving it the goal to strive for. The body and mind are physical manifestations where the Success Mechanism inhabits and we are the Operator, the Observer that guides the machine. I'm getting an association with the idea of the Observer and the Operator, the Success Mechanism operates in the subconscious and we can't see it working. It's not quite clear yet but I sense a connection here 
4. The answer already exists, when we're trying to solve something, we must act and assume that the answer exists. First, problem and solution are two parts of a whole, so if we have a problem, the solution exists. We can't have one without the other. Second, thinking in terms of possibilities, all possibilities exist, so there has to be a solution to the problem. Everything exists so the solution exists, what the Success Mechanism does is guide us to the frequency where this solution exists
(Again, taking this to a personal note, it is possible for Gia and I to get back together. There are possibilities that exist where we are together, in an infinite universe this exists. So the solution exists, the chance exists, I don't have to create it, it already exists. My job is to feel, to vibe with that frequency and the physical manifestation will follow)
5. Humans have access to Universal Consciousness, we can tap into knowledge that exceeds our experience. In this knowledge all possibilities exist, it's the multiverse itself. So we don't have to create things, we just have to align with them and we move through to that frequency that already exists. That takes a lot of the pressure off, cause it's not about making it happen. It's already there and we can get to it by feeling it and allowing the higher parts of us to lead the way


YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter: 

When Geor and Pini were getting married, I wanted to do a personalized collage for them as a wedding present. For a while I tried to do it but I wasn't getting a good result.
So I started to visualize doing the collage, feeling what it would feel like to finish it, to be proud of it, that Geor and Pini would be happy with it. And I kept at it until not long I had the collage of Zeus and Marea with the Millennium Falcon.
It's like I tapped into the collage, I got onto its frequency and it flowed through me. Cause it did exist out there, everything exists out there. It's a matter of seeing it, feeling it, experiencing it and as you are being it, it shows up in physical reality. There's a lot of manifestation applied on these concepts, it's cool looking at them from a new perspective. 

A year and half ago, I wanted to have a job. My plans weren't going like I hoped, I had spent my capital for trading and I was looking for steady work. So what I did was journal on it daily, write that I was grateful for a job that allowed me to pay all my bills, that I enjoyed doing, where I was of value to other, where I worked during the week and had the weekends off. And then I started sending out CVS, went to a couple of interviews, kept going to fairs. I started taking action towards that goal, did a Linkedin, did the logical things I thought were going to get me closer to achieving this goal.
What happenned was that one day I went on Instagram and Tom put a story that he knew of a job and that was call center for english speaking 5 days a week. So I contacted him, sent him my CV. A little while passed, then I had an interview with Flor, another interview with Norma and I got the job. It came out of nowhere and not from where I thought it would. Applying the concepts of this chapter we can say that I gave my Success Mechanism the goal I wanted, I emoted daily on having achieved that goal and I got there. The how is not part of my job, that's what Amber and Abraham also say. It's truly a magical thing and I'm so grateful to understand this more and more with every passing day. 

There's something that stood out this time I read the chapter. Our Creator engineered all humans with a success mechanism, which means we were built to succedd. So the idea that I'm not good enough, that I don't deserve good things and that what I can do just isn't good enough is simply not true. It can not be true cause all living things were created with this success mechanism. I can see it on animals, they have all the innate habilities and knowledge to live a successful life within their terms. Let's not forget humans are animals so we have the same  hability as they do. And even more habilities as we are aware that we exist and we have the opportunity to choose what we want to do with our life. 
So it doesn't make sense to think I'm not good enough. It's really not true. That feels really good to understand. I can achieve anything I intend to. I have all the tools to achieve anything as I am connected to the sum of all existing knowledge. I can tap into Universal awareness and solve any problem taht appears. I can use my imagination to vibrate and align with any possibility that exists in the alternative spaces, whether it's in realized form or not. All possibilities exist in some form and my Creator gave me all the tools I need to algin with them. That is just so very much amazing!!! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!

One example that comes to mind of visualizing the end goal is when Sole's dad was in the hospital. She talked about how her family was worried of him getting an infection in the hospital and tried to get him out. And then the man ended up dying of exactly that. It's a very fucked up thing, that you can align with a possibility that you do not want. Which kinda ties into the Success Mechanism. The Sucess Mechanism moves you where you direct it to, it somehow works towards the end result you keep visualizing and energizing. And it can be something you do not want, but if you're putting energy into it, it will take you there. 
The same thing happenned when I was in the hospital. I knew I was going to be fine, that I was going to survive and be alive. I had some moments of anxiety but I knew I was going to be fine. More importantly, in high school one time I wanted to be in hospital with something not lethal and have my friends and loved ones stay with me and show love for me. And that did happen, I did have that experience. Many years later, yes, but it was something I imagined and then it appeared in my physical reality. That one kinda blows my mind a little bit. Cause it did happen, I thought of it and it happenned. But it wasn't something I thought about a lot, it could have been something that occured to me a few times. And yet, it was enough for me to experience it. 
So I know this is real, this is something that exists, that I've seen in action in my life and other people's lives as well. It's something that I have consciously used like with my job and my partner, it's amazing that this exists and that I can use this amazing mechanism that's already within me and that is already working all the time. 
One thing to note, both with my job and Gia is that I was taking action. I was sending out CVs and going on interviews. I was chatting with several women, including Gia. I was feeling sexy and going with it, flowing with the chatting and the flirting. So action towards it helps, it moves you in unexpected ways and that's where things can align with you. Maybe I can start talking to new women, put myself out there. It'd be cool to be with Gia again but maybe there's another woman that I connect with on a deeper level. I once thought Flor was the one and she wasn't, same with Cintia. And then Gia came along and I thought she was it but maybe she isn't it. Maybe there is ONE person for me. They're just mirrors of the work and the vibration I'm holding on a particular subject. Maybe letting Gia go would be a good thing, a relief. Making room for a new woman that I can share a new connection with. I'd like that. I look forward to my next relationship, to falling in love again and experiencing adventures with a life partner again. I look forward to being a partner with a woman I love and that loves me. 

