KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER

1. The self-image defines what we experience, what we are capable of doing, the circumstances that surround us
2. The self-image can be changed
3. Positive thinking won't change a negative self-image. Releasing negative beliefs about the self is key, once we change those beliefs, all outside circumstances start reflecting that change back to us
4. The subconscious is not a "mind", it's an automatic goal-striving mechanism operated by the mind. It can work as a success mechanism or a failure mechanism, depending on what we focus on
5. The goals our creative mechanism (subconscious) strives to achieve are mental images created by our imagination. Focusing on successful experiences, no  matter how small, alter the self-image for the better

YOUR CASE HISTORY
List here an experience from your past that is explained by the principles given in this chapter.

I have a very recent example of this, with my job. Since the quarantine I was doing about 5 completed companies a day on average. I was not engaged with my work, took any opportunity I could to do other things at work and didn't want to be doing it.
But then I decided I didn't like being that way. I didn't like the feeling of desdain I felt and I focused positively on my job. I started making lists everyday of things I enjoyed about it, of how grateful I am of having this job. And my attitude during work changed, I felt more engaged and started getting more completed companies. 
The main thing was last week, I started to visualize getting a completed company. I played out in my head the conversation, the people in IT answering my questions of giving me lots of emails, confirming the amount of employees they had too. I felt how good it feels to complete that goal, to achieve the objective laid for me and celebrated it in my imagination. 
Last week it got over 10 completed companies everyday. And it was awesome!! I took time during the day to picture it, to go over a successful call in my head and feel how good it feels to achieve that goal. It's truly amazing and I'm so grateful for the experience. It gives me a lot of confidence in my value as a worker and I really enjoy feeling productive and how I'm contributing to the company. Thank you, thank you, thank you. 